Changelog 138 (#103)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2020-12-28-changelog-138.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #138"
date: 2020-12-28 00:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6530 -->
* Enable `Build` tool window by default. The `Build` tool window provides structured output for `build`, `run` and `test` commands.

>   Note, this feature requires Cargo +1.48.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note, this feature requires Cargo 1.48.0+
```
or
```suggestion
  Note, this feature requires Cargo 1.48.0 or higher
```
I guess?

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-138/move-use" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5644 -->
* Add `Fill missing arguments` quick-fix to complete a function call arguments with default values (by [@Kobzol])

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-138/fill-arguments" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5771 -->
* Add the intention to change item visibility (by [@Kobzol])

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-138/make-pub" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6390 -->
* Introduce experimental `Cargo.toml` dependency completion based on the new local Cargo registry index.
  Note, the corresponding feature is disabled by default for now. You can enable it via `org.rust.crates.local.index` option in `Experimental Features` dialog (`Help | Find Action` and type `Experimental features` to open the dialog)

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6492 -->

> * Show [quick documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/viewing-reference-information.html#inline-quick-documentation) for [keyword](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/#keywords) like elements like `fn`, `enum`, `async`, etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Show [quick documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/viewing-reference-information.html#inline-quick-documentation) for [keyword](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/#keywords)-like elements, e.g. `fn`, `enum`, `async`, etc
```
BTW not sure if we really want "keyword-like elements" here and not just "keywords". Probably such exactness is redundant for users

* Speedup name resolution, especially in large Rust modules

## Fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6498 -->
* Resolve derive proc macros with [new name resolution](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6217) engine.
  Note, you can enable the new engine via `Use experimental name resolution engine` option in `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Rust` settings

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4254 -->
* Proper support for ANSI escape codes in `Build` tool window

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6536 -->
* Fix rendering of generic types in [`E0277`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0277) error message

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6533 -->
* Improve popup of `Has implementations` gutter icon by items sorting and allowing to open results in `Find` tool window

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6506 -->
* Fix false-positive warnings about wrong naming convention for [non-ASCII identifiers](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/2457-non-ascii-idents.html) (by [@Stzx])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6491 -->

> * Do not annotate or offer `cfg`-disabled trait items for [E0046](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0046) and `Generate members` action (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not annotate `cfg`-disabled trait items as missing ([E0046](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0046)) and do not offer them via `Generate members` action (by [@Kobzol])
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6404 -->

> * Support for qualified paths in item-level macro invocations (by [@msmorgan])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parse fully qualified macro calls at top-level properly (by [@msmorgan])
```
